Start in CRM, open Customers, and click into the member's record.
p02
Customer three-sixty opens on nine tabs,
p03
with the header carrying Back, Delete, Edit Customer, and the green Actions menu.
p04
That green menu decides most of this playbook.
p05
Leave it closed for now.
p06
First you confirm what the member actually holds.
p07
Open the Membership tab.
p08
Plan details gives you the membership type, the home location, and the status.
p09
Billing cycle gives you the next charge.
p10
Read status and next charge first.
p11
A cancel or pause request only makes sense against an active plan,
p12
and the next-charge date tells you how much time you have before the member gets billed again.
p13
Now open the green Actions menu.
p14
Look, don't touch.
p15
It offers exactly two actions: Issue Wash and Refund Customer.
p16
The legacy guide promised six, including cancel, pause, and reset.
p17
Those are not here.
p18
Whether they are role-gated or removed is an open question.
p19
So never promise a member a change you cannot see a control for.
p20
Close the menu without selecting anything.
p21
Decide the branch before you navigate.
p22
A refund is a live action, so it gets gated:
p23
who can approve it, and which standard reason applies.
p24
A cancel, pause, or reset is not a demo action, so it routes by role.
p25
Either way, the interaction gets logged.
p26
Two branches. One log.
p27
Take the refund branch first.
p28
Settings, Users and Security, Security Level.
p29
Three columns: name, level, and refund approval required.
p30
That last column is the gate.
p31
It marks, per level, whether a refund needs sign-off before anyone can process it.
p32
Today's capture returned a fetch error in place of rows,
p33
so confirm the list loaded before you read a level's answer.
p34
Read the approval column against the requester's level.
p35
Per the verified walk, Low, Low Medium, and Medium all require approval.
p36
So a Low or Medium user hands the refund to a High Medium or High approver
p37
instead of processing it themselves.
p38
Confirm the live yes or no per level at ticket time.
p39
The mapping was not observable today.
p40
Next, the reason. Settings, Operations, Refund Reasons.
p41
One description column, one job:
p42
every refund gets tagged with a standard reason so reporting stays clean.
p43
Pick from this list, never freehand.
p44
The rows did not load in today's capture,
p45
so the live list is your source at ticket time.
p46
Now the other branch.
p47
Cancel, pause, and reset are not in the demo menu, and that cuts both ways.
p48
You do not promise the change, and you do not tell the member it cannot be done.
p49
On production, confirm your role can perform it.
p50
If it cannot, route the request to someone who can.
p51
That is the whole move.
p52
Whatever happened, log it.
p53
Back on Customer three-sixty, open Notes.
p54
These are internal staff notes, not visible to the customer,
p55
with pin and save controls, and the communication history below.
p56
Record what the member asked, what you did or routed, and any approval.
p57
Pin it if the account is critical.
p58
And never log it in Messaging.
p59
That tab texts the customer.
p60
Then package it.
p61
The member.
p62
The exact change they asked for.
p63
The refund reason if one applies.
p64
The requester's security level and whether approval is required.
p65
And who it routes to.
p66
You verified and you logged.
p67
The cancel, the pause, the refund itself,
p68
all of that happens in production with the right role.
p69
That's the playbook.
p70
Confirm the plan on Membership.
p71
Read the Actions menu for what the platform will actually let you do.
p72
Gate a refund through Security Levels and tag it from Refund Reasons.
p73
Route a cancel or pause by role.
p74
And log everything in Notes, never Messaging.
p75
Every screen stayed read-only.